President Zhou, Mr. Wang, Mr. Zhao
Why are you here?
How dare you!
You have 24 hours
Pay off all bank loans
What!
Our Wang Group and your Li family
Cut off all cooperation
Our Zhao's Qingxiao Company will start today
Also refused to provide any sales channels for the Li family
Why is this happening?
Did our Li family offend you?
monster
It's your fault for offending people you shouldn't have offended
Dad Chu Tang
Have you met the Mad Dragon King?
Are you in trouble?
Say what's wrong again
Uncle, we Huo's neuropathy
He made you all miserable
What Chu Tang
What's going on here?
Uncle, this lunatic is bold
Offended God of War Records The King of Heaven died without repentance
As a result, your Li family was injured by shouting
How can this be good?
Lu Ming, you are too impulsive
This is $1,000
Kill us
Who said I was going to kill the Li family?
set us
I prepared a fire for the Li family
Let's be funny.
Your Li family has been blocked by us together
You have no place in Zhonghai
Waiting for bankruptcy